Added content for session code (#315)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/dapp-dev-guide/session-code/session-code.md

# Writing Session Code

> This section explains the concept of session code, why we need it, and how to write it. The best use of session code is when the situation calls for a [stateless](../../glossary/S.md/#stateless) execution. Session code is useful when little or no internal state is required. You can use session code when the logic requires very little or no internal data to be tracked, or to simplify the process of interacting with entry points of a contact code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains the concept of session code, why we need it, and how to write it. The best use of session code is when the situation calls for a [stateless](../../glossary/S.md/#stateless) execution. Session code is useful when little or no internal state is required. You can use session code when the logic requires very little or no internal data to be tracked, or to simplify the process of interacting with entry points of a contract.
```

**Note**: Before you sign and execute the session code, ensure that you know exactly what the session code is doing. If you don't know exactly what it is meant for, then it could be doing something malicious.

### Comparing Session Code and Contract Code
The following points try to explain the difference between session code and contract code:

- Session code and contract code run in two different type of contexts. Session code always executes in the context of the account that signed the deploy that contains the session code. This means that when a `put_key` call is made within the body of the session code, the key is added to the account's named keys. 
- Conversely, contract code executes in its own context. Which means that when `put-key` call is made within the contract's execution, the key is inserted into the contract's context. So, the key will appear in the contract's named keys.
- Session code has only one entry point, that is the `call` function, which you can use to interact with the session code. 

> - A contract code can have multiple entry points that will help you interact with the contract code. 

Reviewer: I recommend saying "A contract.." or "contract code...". 
```suggestion
- A contract can have multiple entry points that will help you interact with the contract code. 
```

## Project Structure
For this guide, we are creating the project structure manually, however, you can use `cargo casper` to set up this directory structure automatically.

Top-Level Directory
|_ contract
    |_ src
        |_ main.rs
    |_ gitignore
    |_ Cargo.lock
    |_ Cargo.toml
|_ tests
    |_ src
        |_ main.rs
    |_ gitignore
    |_ Cargo.lock
    |_ Cargo.toml

In the above directory structure the `contract` folder contains the session code in the `main.rs` file and the needed dependencies in the `Cargo.toml` file. 
The `tests` folder contains the code required to test the session code on before it is deployed on a Casper Network.

## Writing Session Code
The following steps illustrate the process of writing session code and the important components to include:

> 1. Create a new top level directory that will contain the session code and would also include another folder for tests, which will help us test the functionality of our session code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new top-level directory containing the session code and include another folder for tests, which will help us test the functionality of our session code. 
```

> 2. Inside the new folder run the following command to create a new binary package called contract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Inside the new folder run the following command to create a new binary package called "contract":
```

    ```bash
    cargo new contract
    ```
    
    This folder will contain the logic that will be compiled to Wasm and will be executed on a node within a Casper Network.

3. Within the contract package, you can find the `main.rs` file inside the `src` folder. You will write your session code in the `main.rs` file. 

> 4.  In the `cargo.toml` file include the following dependencies, for the purposes of this guide we are using only two, however, you can use more depending on the requirement of your session code:

Reviewer: The sentence is too long.
```suggestion
4.  In the `cargo.toml` file include the following dependencies. For the purposes of this guide, we are using only two, however, you can use more depending on the requirement of your session code:
```

    -   `casper-contract = "1.4.3"` - You need to import the casper-contract as it provide the SDK for the execution engine (EE). For more information on this crate, see the [documentation](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/).
    -   `casper-types = "1.4.6"` - You need to import the casper-types crate as this crate includes the types that the node uses. This is necessary for the execution engine (EE) to understand and interpret the session code. For more information on this crate, see the [documentation](https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/).  

    You can find the latest versions of the dependencies at https://crates.io/.
    

> 5. Few things to note while writing session code:

Reviewer: Please add the article.
```suggestion
5. A few things to note while writing session code:
```

    -   Include the following:
        -   `#![no_std]` - This indicates to not import the standard library.
        -   `#![no_main]` - This indicates that the main function is not required, since the session code has only one entry point as the `call` function.
    -   Import the casper contract API:

>         `use casper_contract::contract_api::{account, runtime, storage, system};` this example uses account, runtime, storage, and system crates, however, you might need to import the crates relevant to your session code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `use casper_contract::contract_api::{account, runtime, storage, system};` this example uses account, runtime, storage, and system crates; however, you might need to import the crates relevant to your session code.
```

## Sample Session Code

> This sample code demonstrates a simple session code passing arguments, processing the arguments, and storing the result. In general, that is what you will use session code for. In this example, we are adding two numbers and storing the result in a URef.

Reviewer: Try avoid ending with "for"
```suggestion
This sample code demonstrates a simple session code passing arguments, processing the arguments, and storing the result. In general, for this, you will use session code. In this example, we add two numbers and store the result in a URef.
```

```rust
#![no_std]
#![no_main]

use casper_contract::contract_api::{account, runtime, storage, system};
use casper_contract::unwrap_or_revert::UnwrapOrRevert;
use casper_types::{runtime_args, ContractHash, Key, PublicKey, RuntimeArgs, URef, U512};

const FUNDRAISER_CONTRACT_HASH: &str = "fundraiser_contract_hash";
const ENTRY_POINT_GET_DONATION_COUNT: &str = "get_donation_count";
const DONATING_ACCOUNT_KEY: &str = "donating_account_key";

#[no_mangle]
pub extern "C" fn call() {
    let fundraiser_contract_hash: ContractHash = runtime::get_named_arg(FUNDRAISER_CONTRACT_HASH);
    let donating_account_key: Key = runtime::get_named_arg(DONATING_ACCOUNT_KEY);

    let donation_count: u64 = runtime::call_contract(
        fundraiser_contract_hash,
        ENTRY_POINT_GET_DONATION_COUNT,
        runtime_args! {
            DONATING_ACCOUNT_KEY => donating_account_key
        },
    );

    let donation_count_uref = storage::new_uref(donation_count);
    runtime::put_key("donation_count", donation_count_uref.into())
}
```

### Understanding the sample code
Let's try to understand what each line of code in the above sample is trying to achieve.

> ```rust

Reviewer: I really think adding the code after the explanation is much better -- unless there is a common pattern/recommendation you are trying to follow?

Reviewer: Discussed with Gloreen, it is better the way it is.

# Writing Session Code

> This section explains the concept of session code, why we need it, and how to write it. The best use of session code is when the situation calls for a [stateless](../../glossary/S.md/#stateless) execution. Session code is useful when little or no internal state is required. You can use session code when the logic requires very little or no internal data to be tracked, or to simplify the process of interacting with entry points of a contract code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section explains the concept of session code, why we need it, and how to write it. The best use of session code is when the situation calls for a [stateless](../../glossary/S.md/#stateless) execution. You can use session code when the logic requires very little or no internal data to be tracked. Session code is required when interacting and accepting values being returned across the Wasm boundary
```

- Conversely, contract code executes in its own context. Which means that when `put-key` call is made within the contract's execution, the key is inserted into the contract's context. So, the key will appear in the contract's named keys.
- Session code has only one entry point, that is the `call` function, which you can use to interact with the session code. 
- A contract can have multiple entry points that will help you interact with the contract code. 

## Project Structure
For this guide, we are creating the project structure manually, however, you can use `cargo casper` to set up this directory structure automatically.

Top-Level Directory
|_ contract
    |_ src
        |_ main.rs
    |_ gitignore
    |_ Cargo.lock
    |_ Cargo.toml
|_ tests
    |_ src
        |_ main.rs
    |_ gitignore
    |_ Cargo.lock
    |_ Cargo.toml

In the above directory structure, the `contract` folder contains the session code in the `main.rs` file and the needed dependencies in the `Cargo.toml` file. 
The `tests` folder contains the code required to test the session code before it is deployed on a Casper Network.

## Writing Session Code

> The following steps illustrate the process of writing session code and the important components to include:

Reviewer 2: Lets add a paragraph explaining our high level goals, i.e we are going to demonstrate how to pass runtime arguments to Wasm and then use those runtime arguments to call into another piece of logic. Lets provide some overall narrative context here

Author: @darthsiroftardis we have a similar description in the following section containing the sample code. In this particular section, we are not doing any of those things, but just identifying the steps in writing session code. I have changed the title of this section to "Process of Writing Session Code", since it was clashing with the main title of the topic.

```bash
cargo build --release --target wasm32-unknown-unknown
```
Once the session code is compiled you can deploy it on a Casper Network.

## Deploying the Session Code
Before you deploy the session code to the Mainnet or Testnet, you can do a trial run on the a local network using [NCTL](../setup-nctl.md).

You can deploy the session code on the Testnet using the following command:

```bash
casper-client put-deploy \
    --node-address <HOST:PORT> \
    --chain-name casper-test \
    --secret-key <PATH> \
    --payment-amount <PAYMENT-AMOUNT> \
    --session-path <SESSION-PATH>
```

-   `node-address` - An IP address of a peer on the network. The default port for JSON-RPC servers on Mainnet and Testnet is 7777.
-   `secret-key` - The file name containing the secret key of the account paying for the deploy.
-   `chain-name` - The chain-name to the network where you wish to send the deploy. For Mainnet, use *casper*. For Testnet, use *casper-test*. 
-   `payment-amount` - The payment for the deploy in motes.  
-   `session-path` - The path to the contract Wasm, which should point to wherever you compiled the contract (.wasm file) on your computer.

> 

Reviewer 2: Since the session code we are showcasing here takes arguments, we should should make a call out to the `session-arg` field within the subcommand. Additionally, a call out to using the help for the `put-deploy` command which gives examples on passing runtime arguments using the casper command line client

Author: Added the details.

## What is Session Code?
Session code is the simplest piece of logic you can execute on a Casper Network. It requires only one entry point, which is the `call` function and it runs within the context of the account executing the session code. This means that the session code will run with the permissions of the account, such as having access to the main purse (the session code could transfer tokens out of the account's main purse). 

**Note**: Before you sign and execute the session code, ensure that you know exactly what the session code is doing. If you don't know exactly what it is meant for, then it could be doing something malicious.

### Comparing Session Code and Contract Code
The following points try to explain the difference between session code and contract code:

- Session code and contract code run in two different type of contexts. Session code always executes in the context of the account that signed the deploy that contains the session code. This means that when a `put_key` call is made within the body of the session code, the key is added to the account's named keys. 

> - Conversely, contract code executes in its own context. Which means that when `put-key` call is made within the contract's execution, the key is inserted into the contract's context. So, the key will appear in the contract's named keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Conversely, contract code executes in its own context. Which means that when `put_key` call is made within the contract's execution, the key is inserted into the contract's context. So, the key will appear in the contract's named keys.
```

2. Inside the new folder run the following command to create a new binary package called *contract*:

    ```bash
    cargo new contract
    ```
    
    This folder will contain the logic that will be compiled to Wasm and will be executed on a node within a Casper Network.

3. Within the contract package, you can find the `main.rs` file inside the `src` folder. You will write your session code in the `main.rs` file. 

4.  In the `cargo.toml` file include the following dependencies:

    :::note

    For the purposes of this guide, we are using only two dependencies; however, you can use more depending on the requirement of your session code.

    :::

    -   `casper-contract = "1.4.3"` - You need to import the [casper-contract](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/) as it provides the SDK for the execution engine (EE).
    -   `casper-types = "1.4.6"` - You need to import the [casper-types](https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/) crate as this crate includes the types that the node uses. This is necessary for the execution engine (EE) to understand and interpret the session code.  

>     You can find the latest versions of the dependencies at https://crates.io/.

Reviewer 2: @GloreenS Is it possible to link to the crates themselves

Author: Done!
